# About Your Rights

Firefox Reality is free and open source software. There are a few things you should know:

* Firefox Reality is made available to you under the terms of the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/). This means you may use, copy and distribute Firefox Reality to others. You are also welcome to modify the source code of Firefox Reality as you want to meet your needs. The Mozilla Public License 2.0 also gives you the right to distribute your modified versions.
* You are not granted any trademark rights or licenses to the trademarks of the Mozilla Foundation or any party, including without limitation the Firefox name or logo. Additional information on trademarks may be found [here](http://www.mozilla.org/foundation/trademarks/policy.html).
* Some features in Firefox, such as the Crash Reporter, give you the option to provide feedback to Mozilla. By choosing to submit feedback, you give Mozilla permission to use the feedback to improve its products, to publish the feedback on its websites, and to distribute the feedback.
* How we use your personal information and feedback submitted to Mozilla through Firefox Reality is described in the [Firefox Reality Privacy Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/firefox-reality).
* In order to play back certain types of video content, Firefox Reality downloads certain content decryption modules from third parties.
* Some Firefox Reality features make use of web-based information services, however, we cannot guarantee they are 100% accurate or error-free. More details, including information on how to disable the features that use these services, can be found in the service terms (below).

## Firefox Reality Web-Based Information Services

Firefox Reality uses web-based information services ("Services") to provide some of the features provided for your use with this binary version of Firefox Reality under the terms described below. If you do not want to use one or more of the Services or the terms below are unacceptable, you may disable the feature or Service(s). Instructions on how to disable a particular feature or Service may be found [here](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/send-usage-data-firefox-mobile-devices). Other features and Services can be disabled in the application preferences.

1. Mozilla and its contributors, licensors and partners work to provide the most accurate and up-to-date Services. However, we cannot guarantee that this information is comprehensive and error-free. 
1. Mozilla may discontinue or change the Services at its discretion.
1. You are welcome to use these Services with the accompanying version of Firefox Reality, and Mozilla grants you its rights to do so. Mozilla and its licensors reserve all other rights in the Services. These terms are not intended to limit any rights granted under open source licenses applicable to Firefox Reality and to corresponding source code versions of Firefox Reality.
1. The Services are provided "as-is." Mozilla, its contributors, licensors, and distributors, disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation, warranties that the Services are merchantable and fit for your particular purposes. You bear the entire risk as to selecting the Services for your purposes and as to the quality and performance of the Services. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, so this disclaimer may not apply to you.
1. Except as required by law, Mozilla, its contributors, licensors, and distributors will not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of or in any way relating to the use of Firefox Reality and the Services. The collective liability under these terms will not exceed $500 (five hundred dollars). Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not apply to you.
1. Mozilla may update these terms as necessary from time to time. These terms may not be modified or canceled without Mozilla's written agreement.
1. These terms are governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions. If any portion of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these terms and the English language version, the English language version shall control.
