# Firefox Hello Privacy Notice

November 25, 2014
{: datetime="2014-11-25" }

We care about your privacy. When Hello sends information to Mozilla (that's us) our Mozilla Privacy Policy describes how we use that information.

## Things you should know:

Your calls are encrypted and we don’t receive the content of your communications. We also minimize the amount of personal information that we receive from you.

* **Firefox Accounts**: Accounts are optional to use with our Service. If you sign-in with a Firefox Account, we’ll use your email address to direct calls to you.

* **Contacts**: You can import or add new contacts to create an address book with email addresses, profile pictures, and names of people you may call. This information is stored locally on your device by Firefox. When you send a room URL to a contact or directly call a contact, Firefox encrypts and sends us information associated with the contact in order to direct the call. For example, if your mom is in your address book with an email address, we’ll use that to direct the call to her. We delete this information the earlier of: (i) when you revoke the room URL or (ii) 30 days.

* **Feedback & Support**: Feedback sent through the Service is anonymous. You can optionally provide us with more information if you submit a crash report or a report on our support forum.

---------------------------------------

We automatically receive certain anonymous statistics (also called "Telemetry") from use of the Service.

* We automatically receive usage, performance, and responsiveness data about calls and attempted calls in order to detect issues, diagnose them, and improve the Service. For example, the data we receive includes quality for audio and video streams, whether calls failed or were disconnected, duration of the call, obfuscated IP addresses, obfuscated network and hardware data (e.g. if you are on a wifi or cellular network) and timestamps.

* You can opt-out of Telemetry by changing the preference in Firefox Tools> Options> Advanced> Telemetry.

* We may make aggregated and anonymized reports of this data available on our public dashboards.

---------------------------------------

We use cookies, analytics, and identification mechanisms to offer and improve the Service.

* We use cookies and analytics to obtain data to improve our Service. For example, we obtain aggregate and anonymous information on how many people use the Service, types of operating systems and browsers, and countries in which the Service is used. See [here](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/websites/#cookies) to learn how to opt-out of analytics.

* We also use cookies, tokens, and APIs to direct calls to your intended recipients or block specific contacts. For example, we use an API to store your contacts and we use tokens to identify.

---------------------------------------

You can control how you interact with others on the Service.

* URL Revoking: Room URLs that are generated by the Service will remain active until the earlier of when (i) you specifically revoke them or (ii) 30 days. Revoking deactivates the room so calls cannot be made.

* Receiving call requests: You can enable “do not disturb mode” to indicate to others that you do not wish to be contacted. You can also block specific contacts on your list.

---------------------------------------

The Service is jointly offered by Mozilla and TokBox. This notice only covers how Mozilla handles information we receive from you.

* TokBox. TokBox also receives certain information from use of the Service. For more information on TokBox’s handling of data, please see their [Privacy Policy](https://tokbox.com/support/privacy-policy).
